Final Project:

IMPORTANT: The actual work submission is worth 70 points.
           The video presentation is worth 30 points.
           You must submit both parts to be eligible to receive the maximum points (100).

NOTES 1. The name of your video should be final. It should be in an 'mp4' format.
      2. At the beginnig of the video, you should turn on your camera and introduce yourself. 
         You can then turn off the camera afterwards and proceed with your presentation.
      3. Upload the video to your UB student email Google drive and send me the link. 
         Ensure that the right permission is set on the link
         (anyone with the link can see the video)
      4. All team members should present during the presentation since each member will 
         get a grade for presentation.
      5. Use English during your presentation. (no Creole).
      6. The video shoud be no more than 30 minutes long.
      7. All your submisisons should include the team members at the top of the pages
         as a comment, so that I know who to assign the grades to.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

0. The final project is done as a team, so you can work with a partner or you can work alone.

1. This project is due by (lecturer will indicate). 

2. Your video should proceed as follows:
   a. Your logging into the project database (utopia=>)
   b. Your opening your final_tables_data.sql file in VSCode and explaining 
      the tables and the data being inserted into the tables. [5 points]
   c. Your opening your final_queries.sql file in VSCode and explaining 
      the queries. [5 points]
   d. Your executing the .sql files to ensure that everything works as expected. [10 points]
   e. Your wrapping up and discussing the challenges your faced and 
      how you overcame them. [5 points]
   f. Your giving a final assessment of the course, what you liked, what you did not
      like, what could be done better for the next time the course is offered, what
      you learned and what area you feel weakest in. [5 points]
   
3. Create a directory named final.

4. Add the final_tables_data.sql and final_queries.sql files to the project directory.

5. Create an empty text file named final (final.txt). In this file put the link to your video.

6. Add the final.txt file to the final directory.

7. Zip the final directory and upload at the link provided.
